okay so this should be recorded i think this is being recorded i think it's being recorded at low audio quality but be that as it may i'm currently waiting for joy to come back and the first question that i want to tackle is them about a time i hacked this stuff welcome back joy let's think about how to approach this question the outcome that i'm looking for the goal i'm trying to achieve yes what is my goal let's clarify that i want to be admitted to the program so that i can learn entrepreneurship skills working backwards from that in this question i want to demonstrate that i'm a good fit for the program so for the purpose of this question i think what it's looking for are critical thinking skills and just general ingenuity so my goal for this answer is to demonstrate critical thinking skills and ingenuity as evidence of my fit for the program now how might i achieve this i have i assume this is also around 300 words so not too much but i can say a few sentences for the sake of my reputation i will exclude any examples that involve um that leaves us with with a certain yeah a class of of examples now what i want to know is what do they mean by hack i think it's in in quotation marks my understanding is is about getting a system to do something that it's not supposed to do getting a system to do something that normally you shouldn't be able to do with the system now this begs the question what examples might i have for that there are certainly many examples but a question is the question is whether or not i am going to think of them so what i want is an approach for thinking about examples from my life that are ideally truthful so i could just make something up and with these examples i again want to want to demonstrate critical thinking and ingenuity so one approach that i can take is i can ask joy for help and ask her to generate a categories of of possible examples systems that i might have hacked in in one way or another in order to uh yeah yeah just find examples that way i could also just try to brainstorm systems that i might have hacked and then think about whether or not i can yeah think about how i can derive examples from that then a third approach i could take is this is the approach i would take if i had very limited time um which is just taking talking about that time where i landed a position as my automation project lead despite having no experience with uh applied machine learning project i think this one demonstrates resourcefulness and communication skills if i can do this to to get ahead i can probably convince investors i think this uh this example is a testament to my fit for entrepreneurship because entrepreneurship fundamentally depends on getting people people to believe in your solutions because if they don't believe they if they don't believe in your solutions they're not going to buy your solutions and then you don't have customers so that is i think a strong example so let's just use this as a baseline and try to think of better examples than this one okay what strategies other than just brainstorming and asking joy could help me i could ask an ai assistant to brainstorm for me but is there something other than brainstorming that i can use here an approach i could take other than brainstorming potential categories of examples and then trying to think of whether i have examples in those categories is i could i could brainstorm experiences that i've had achievements that uh yeah i could brainstorm it i could brainstorm it i could brainstorm my most notable achievements and then try to see whether i can frame the process of achieving them as a hacking a non-computer system now social engineering definitely does count as acting so i could specifically look at examples where i use my social skills to do something to a system that it's not supposed to do you'll be back and when okay cool see you it occurs to me now that the background noise from the cars on the street is in all likelihood causing us a highly significant performance decrease in any transcription that is generated this recording it isn't already being transcribed well even if it is already being in which case at this point i think i spent my metastrategic brainstorming budget and i'll just select strategies among the ones i identified now i think this is just the first round application and it's trying to rule out people are an obvious bad fit but i am more like an obvious strong fit meaning that i think i'll have an easy time getting in especially considering that it's really good and hence i don't i'll just take the option i'll just take the option where that i take if i had little time to spend on it which is telling them about how i got a position as as project lead automation project despite having no applied machine learning experience will be amazingly funny but here the question becomes okay how do i demonstrate my ingenuity would i demonstrate my ingenuity and critical thinking through that example through that example because that was that was just okay it was social engineering here for attitude meaning that or was i got distracted by navigation i was trying to demonstrate critical thinking thinking and ingenuity by telling them about how i social engineered how i applied social engineering to get that position how i did it was i got to talk to the team and i took a survey of all of their projects and i applied ai safety knowledge uh suggest a solution to one of the one of the yeah the company was trying to build and a search tool i was what's throwing around jargon performance optimization talking about about using whisper talking about open source models you know mentioning deep seek but what i'm doing right now is not producing an answer what i'm doing right now is mapping out what i want to have in my answer welcome back joy i was with brainstorming meta strategies then i decided to just go with the go with the example that i provided because it turned out to be a strong baseline and so then i was thinking what exactly i want to say about that to demonstrate my critical thinking and ingenuity so i had a goal my goal was to uh to be higher to build ai solutions my problem was i had never built any ai solutions the method i used to hack the system was social engineering yeah i had i was facing a significant problem however i had an edge there were two advantages that i had on my side one have communication skills from my time from my time as yeah from my time at debating competitions and my my public speaking experience the presentation training i received at the knowledge society who had a background in ai safety research now the work that i had done in this area was completely different from from applied building ai solutions from applied machine learning but did know i did know about state-of-the-art ai models what's going on in the space and also what technical solutions exist and have been proposed to handle safety problems like preventing model preventing preventing preventing models to output dangerous information after i provided so after i provided a a presentation after i improvised a presentation on why leveraging ai assistance was the key to achieving radical effectiveness and becoming staying competitive uh in the transformative ai era i thought an opportunity to talk to everyone on the software team and i got an opportunity to talk on everyone on the software team this is where i smelled my chance because as they were telling me about the work they are doing and effectively trying to impress me i was asking them about the obstacles they were facing i was trying to find their bottlenecks and pain points while also using my ai safety background to converse in technical jargon and indeed i discovered that the company a problem with an internal search tool that they were trying to build and the problem was simply that users users using the search tool are not meant to be able to access information that um that is sensitive and that they have no authorization for this i recognize as an easy version of the problem of uh getting preventing models from giving dangerous outputs worked with the person in charge of the project to and yeah explain the solution approach yeah this is this is probably um i i at this point i'll probably want to time skip from fast forward a few hours doing similar things with the rest of the team getting another software engineer to talk to person working on the search tool because that software engineer was working on optimizing the user experience um yeah just providing responses providing accurate responses of good user experience based on some um uh context that was provided these are technical details most of them uh i will cut out but this is what i want to talk about um i got that person to to talk to the other person or rather i i told that person about the other person's problem uh since what the project he was working on seemed like it was a solution to the performance problem of the search tool where the user needed to give a lot of context uh in the prompt and uh to get get get to get the kind of response they were looking for you know i established communication about that or other i served as the point of connection between uh the two projects and fast forward uh fast forward a few hours i i'm offered to work work as the project lead on uh on the yeah on the the automation project and that's how yeah that's that is how i hacked a non-computer system i think this will fly this is yeah if i if i make it more concise this will sound like one of the classic stories that are told about young entrepreneurs you know the the big entrepreneurs and the thing they did when they were young this is this is that kind of story they will love that i think yeah that's great let's see about the other questions who is a person i admire and why i still have i still have the response i gave uh i gave uh i gave back when i was asked this question at tks back in the day i talked about uh how i i named eliezer jakowski as my role model and talked about yeah how he because education in his own hands uh to you know work towards his vision of friendly ai and you know founded an institution and effectively founded the ai safety community yeah that that is what i talked about back then i think that's uh i can recycle this if i want to get if i just wanted to spend as little time as possible on the application i'd go with this example uh but i'm i'm not thinking about whether it would be i think this is quite possibly a way to stand out because this is an entrepreneurship program so most of the people are probably talking about how they admire this or that entrepreneur. At least, I imagine that talking about admiring entrepreneurs is a common thing in this application. You know, my first, my level one thinking was, okay, this is an entrepreneurship program. I want to signal that I'd be a good entrepreneur. So, if I'm applying for this program and be asking to talk about the person I look up to, presumably, hey, I can talk about how I look up to this entrepreneur and then that gives me opportunity to talk about my passion for entrepreneurship more or how I look up to, you know, an example of someone, a symbol, a symbol of entrepreneurship. But that is, if I do that, then I'm probably doing the same thing as a bunch of other applicants and just giving a cliche response. And I think the Yatkovsky response is more unconventional. And unconventional responses are good for this kind of application. How about an anime character? Because, say that again, how about an anime character? Yeah. Ooh, I could do that. I could totally do that. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Definitely do that. Oh, I can, that's a great suggestion. You know, in the context of anime characters, I could talk about things like ambition and resourcefulness and perseverance that I legitimately admire in my role models. And yeah, this is, this is a cool idea. There are a few anime characters that I admire who are actually entrepreneurs or similar kinds of organization founders. I guess you'd, yeah, founders. I could definitely list an anime character and that, that would work. How do I prioritize between the two? Okay. So, Yatkovsky, despite, despite the anti-Yatkovsky memes, he still is a high profile person. And a lot of people look up to high profile people. You know, I don't want to seem like, okay, so I have an AI safety background and I'm looking up to what the founder of AI safety, that's so original. So, um, so compared to that, I think, uh, giving an anime character would be even more unconventional. One limitation for that approach is that I'm being asked to keep my response short. If I want to explain why I admire an anime character, this, I think, requires considerable context. I mean, these three, these three sentences that I'm asked to complete, I think they're looking for one sentence responses in order to, and I could still just name the virtues of an anime character. Yeah, talk about, no, they are, ambition and, the ambition and perseverance they displayed under these conditions. Um, something like that. Yeah, I think this is a low stakes decision, because this answer will, I think it's unlikely to make or break my application, and I also think I, uh, will probably be admitted anyway. Maybe not, not regardless, but I think if I just go with the version of a modified version of the, the top ski answer, that's good enough. And then I don't have to think about which anime character to select or why. So yeah, here again, let's go, let's just go with the past approach and recycle an existing answer. What other questions are there for me to answer? Still, there's a question about why I'm passionate about entrepreneurship. I can talk about how entrepreneurs are heroes of necessity. They are, they are, they are looking at the world and seeing the problems no one has solved yet. You know, millions, sometimes even billions of people are suffering from, from various problems. places where civilization is, is inadequate, is inefficient, but most people don't do anything about them. Entrepreneurs are the people who do. While everyone else is dropping the ball, they are the ones who take action to solve humanity's problems. So that is, that is something I admire. In the context of business operations and development, I'm interested in how to scale organization because scaling, scaling a business is how, how global problems are solved. You know, you can have the idea without, without operations, without an organization, without an effective organization to implement and execute the idea that solves the problem, uh, the problem will not be solved. Then I can talk about systems or where I would like to talk about systems specifically. The, yes. Oh, I fascinated by multi-agent systems. I am fascinated by incentive structures, by, by how to achieve efficient, efficient cooperation. Yeah. I, I like, I like making systems more efficient and, obviously, when systems are not efficient, you just want to make them better. I really believe in the value of an efficient system. So, how do I frame this? How do I convey that? I will think about this while getting dinner. I mean, I could just leave it out. I can, I can select up to three, but it's fine if I just select one, right? I could, I could skip this. Really? I, I think I will, I can skip the business operations and go with computer science instead. Okay. Yeah. Why, why am I, why am I fascinated? Where does my fascination with computer science come from? Okay. I, the truth is, I am not super fascinated by computer science. Well, I, I like, I like rationality. I like cognition. And we have developed artificial cognition engines. And we can put them to use to solve problems. We can put them to use to, to complete tasks hundreds of times faster. And sometimes even to a vastly higher quality humans could than humans ever could without cognitive augmentation. This presents tremendous potential value creation. That's why I'm interested. But this is a kind of instrumental, I don't know how, I mean, it, this will be authentic in the, in the context of my passion for entrepreneurship. I think it will be less, less so for just computer science in general. Okay. Well, I believe that, that this technology has, has the potential to drastically alter the world, transform society, and so on and so forth. Computer science and AI, they are intrinsically interesting. I think what they're looking for is that kind of, that kind of, that kind of passion, a fascination with the thing itself, rather than just its, its instrumental use. This, like, so the question, can I talk about my fascination with computer science, AI specifically, from an angle, can I talk about it from a different angle? Can I talk about it from an angle that is about how the subject itself is, is fascinating, not just its applications? I think I can, because I certainly was interested in computation before I even wanted to be an entrepreneur. I, computer science school, wanted to be a physicist, and wasn't even thinking much about impact. So there isn't, there is an explanation. Thank you. Thank you.